===FILE===
03540154-2a57-b3ce-7480-1ff5a1c63571.json.processing
TITLE: Post Tenebras Lux
YEAR: 2012
DIR: Carlos Reygadas
GENRES: Drama
DESC: Juan, a wealthy householder and Natalia are an artistic middle-class couple. They decide to change the life of the city. And they move to countryside with their two young children Eleazar and Rut for a plain and simple country life. Starting again with an ostentatious house (in comparison to the homes of the few neighbors), they initially enjoy the taste of rural life. However this change in taste begins to make the marriage crumble. The children, on the other hand, are not encumbered by previous ideas and enjoy the life offered by this bleak place. Juan begins to have contact with people who have the same ideals. Seven, a man who usually does everything in his power to survive leads him to Alcoholics Anonymous meetings in a ramshackle cabin in the woods. At one stage, the couple jet off for an up-scale sex holiday in Europe, where the rooms in the bath-house are named after Hegel and Duchamp.
SNIPS: [Letterboxd Review of "Post Tenebras Lux"] "Today I felt love for all things. A chair, glass, machines, wheels, even the loud music that we hear from the village. I saw how everything is alive. Shining. All of the time. I felt like a newly bathed baby. Clean and dry."The way in which I view this film is that it's essentially a collection of very small films in one big package. Post Tenebras Lux is all about themes... it's not about plot, it's not about dialogue, and it's not about character development; it's about themes. Each little portion of this film has its own message that its trying to send, but if you don't reflect on the visua | [Letterboxd Review of "Post Tenebras Lux"] Contemplative cinema can be a bitch. This most elusive of art house varieties has repeatedly rendered me awestruck, but at the same time hopelessly nonplussed all at once. With that said, the sensory experience waiting in store for viewers in Post Tenebras Lux, perhaps the most idiosyncratic and abstract work to date from Mexican, transcendental filmmaker Carlos Reygadas, can be quite overwhelming and intimidating. If one is unfamiliar with the director’s influences—namely Robert Bresson, Carl Theodore Dreyer, Roberto Rossellini, and Andrei Tarkovsky—then I’m afraid that any analysis of what i | [Letterboxd Review of "Post Tenebras Lux"] WARNING. THIS IS A REVIEW THAT DOES NOT MAKE ANY SENSE.Since I first met Reygadas until the day I die, I shall always defend this tremendous cinema master with sword and shield against the modern mainstream perspectives of moviewatching and against those people, that, incessantly, keep insulting not only Reygadas, but also his fans. Proudly, I have been called around 10 insulting names and courses, and I'm proud of it. You will play dirty, I will play dirty too: Reygadas is a master and his films are masterpieces whether you like it or not. FACT. You feel envious and frustrated because of your
===FILE===
056efdf9-a9a3-63e0-144c-f9ea08c1ae5a.json.processing
TITLE: Liverpool
YEAR: 2008
DIR: Lisandro Alonso
GENRES: Drama
DESC: A merchant sailor returns to his home in Tierra del Fuego after spending most of his life at sea.
SNIPS: [Letterboxd Review of "Liverpool"] What if Odysseus made it home and nobody cared?"What are you drawing?""A heart." | [Letterboxd Review of "Liverpool"] Minimalism done like impressionistic poetry. Alonso's second most acclaimed effort balances imagery with character psychology in the most pristine fashion. He could have started the story from any point of time in the past and could have extended it to any time in the future; the landscapes communicate isolation from civilization that mirror Farrel's loneliness and his return is revealed to matter no more: timelessness becomes an ingredient in the story's ambiguity. Instead, we are meant to imagine the hundreds of stories that each visual background could tell, but that are meant to remain at | [Letterboxd Review of "Liverpool"] Alonso's Argentinian time stretcher Liverpool exhibits incredulous landscape images (rural Argentina covered in snow) and by remaining seated in the realms of slow cinema thinks this have said it all. It's the story of the pale, gloomy sailor who visits his mother, who no longer recognizes him. instead of delving into this intriguing sujet, the camera rather gets stuck in its long shots and penetrates the viewer's nerves. Half the audience couldn't stand it and walked out.
===FILE===
05f3f689-bb16-24b3-39bb-1c7786a2f354.json.processing
TITLE: Frances Ha
YEAR: 2012
DIR: Noah Baumbach
GENRES: Comedy, Drama, Romance
DESC: Frances lives in New York, but she doesn't really have an apartment. Frances is an apprentice for a dance company, but she's not really a dancer. Frances has a best friend named Sophie, but they aren't really speaking anymore. Frances throws herself headlong into her dreams, even as their possible reality dwindles. Frances wants so much more than she has but lives her life with unaccountable joy and lightness.
SNIPS: [Letterboxd Review of "Frances Ha"] "so, what do you do?""it's kind of hard to explain.""because ... what you do is complicated?""because I don't really do it."LET ME LIVE I DIDN'T NEED TO BE CALLED OUT LIKE THIS AT ONE AM | [Letterboxd Review of "Frances Ha"] SOPHIE I FUCKING HELD YOUR HEAD WHILE YOU CRIED I BOUGHT SPECIAL MILK FOR YOU I KNOW WHERE YOU HIDE YOUR PILLS DON’T TREAT ME LIKE A 3-HOUR BRUNCH FRIEND | [Letterboxd Review of "Frances Ha"] I've now seen Frances Ha three timesThe first time I was younger than Frances is in the movie (she's 27). I couldn't stand most of the characters and thought the movie was just okay.The second time I was 27. By then I had lived through (or was currently living through) much of what Frances does in the movie. I understood these characters now, and watching the movie was a mildly devastating emotional experience. I loved it.This time I'm older than Frances. Watching it feels like a harrowing flashback to when I was 27 that really isn't far off from my life now. I don't think I've seen another mo
===FILE===
0647df0e-9cea-5f0f-a32c-b664fb2ede0a.json.processing
TITLE: My Name Is Joe
YEAR: 1998
DIR: Ken Loach
GENRES: Drama, Romance
DESC: Two thirty-somethings, unemployed former alcoholic Joe and community health worker Sarah, begin a romantic relationship in one of Glasgow''s toughest neighborhoods.
SNIPS: [Letterboxd Review of "My Name Is Joe"] Now that I’ve watched a sufficient number of Loach films, I find myself in a position to appreciate both his constancy in tone and style, and his ability to surprise his viewers. My Name is Joe did satisfy me on that level.This is another exploration of the working class — specifically, the non-working part of it — through one of those characters who are impossible to forget, and even harder to dislike. Joe Kavanagh is a man who cuts straight to your heart. The film opens with a long monologue in which he explains that he was in denial during the first AA meeting, but not the second... five ye | [Letterboxd Review of "My Name Is Joe"] I thought this was gonna be a bit more joyful from Ken loach but my god I was wrong it’s easily one of his bleakest films so far. The main plot between Joe and Sarah is quite sweet actually and well done there is definitely a clear chemistry between them but that’s about it for the joyful aspect. But from there it goes downhill and dosent come back up but it’s done so effectively and brings the viewer full wack into the thick of the situation and its just effortlessly done. The final act is easily one of the best parts of the film it’s incredibly well written and tense and emotions from all ch | [Letterboxd Review of "My Name Is Joe"] My reason for watching this film was simple; cause it's one of James McAvoy's four favorite films 🙂‍↕️ I went in blind— no synopsis, no trailer, just pure curiosity. The beginning was a bit confusing, but once Joe met Sarah, I was hooked. The Scottish accent was a delightful treat, adding a layer of authenticity that was both charming and humorous."Some can't go to the polis. Some can't go to the bank for a loan. Some can't move house and fuck off. Some of us don't have a choice!" - Joe.My Name is Joe tells the story of Joe Kavanagh, an unemployed man struggling with alcoholism in Glasgow. Th
===FILE===
06cd23a8-087a-4a66-a7d7-66d7f4de6803.json.processing
TITLE: Come and See
YEAR: 1985
DIR: Elem Klimov
GENRES: Drama, Thriller, War
DESC: The feature film directed by Elem Klimov, shot in the genre of military drama. The action takes place on the territory of Belarus in 1943. In the center of the story is a Belarusian boy, who witnesses the horrors of the Nazi punitive action, turning from a cheerful teenager into a gray-haired old man for two days.
SNIPS: [Letterboxd Review of "Come and See"] as soon as this film ended i went online and enlisted in the US army. no child will ever suffer like this again on my watch | [Letterboxd Review of "Come and See"] Come and See is a film I find almost impossible to review. Describing watching a film as an 'experience' often detracts from the quality of the piece, but going by the profound effect the film had on me I really feel no other word can do it justice.World War 2 films often seem to fall victim to Hollywood romanticism and sensationalism and while that certainly has some appeal, I always prefer my war films on the grimmer side. Grim and bleak is something the Russians do really well and combined with the atrocities that occurred during WW2 in Belarus, what we are presented with is one of the most | [Letterboxd Review of "Come and See"] (guy who's still buzzing from Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse) this is significantly less fun than Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse.
